here the word which the Lord speaks to
you Oh house of Israel thus says the
Lord do not learn the weight of the
Gentiles do not be dismayed at the signs
of heaven for the Gentiles are dismayed
at them for the customs of the peoples
are futile for one cuts a tree from the
forest the work of the hands of the
workman with the axe they decorated with
silver and gold they fasten it with
nails and hammers so that it will not
topple they are upright like a palm tree
and they cannot speak they must be
carried because they cannot go by
themselves do not be afraid of them for
they cannot do evil nor can they do any
good in as much as there is none like
you Oh Lord you are great and your name
is great in might who would not fear you
Oh king of the nations for this is your
rightful due for among all the wise men
of the nations and in all their kingdoms
there is none like you but they are
altogether dull hearted and foolish a
wooden Idol is a worthless doctrine
silver is beaten in two plates it is
brought from Tarshish and gold from
UEFA's the work of the craftsmen and the
hands of the methyl smith blue and
purple of their clothing they are all
the work of skilful men but the Lord is
the true God he is the Living God and
the everlasting king at his wrath the
earth will tremble and the nations will
not be able to endure his indignation
thus you shall say to them the gods that
have not made the heavens and the earth
shall perish from the earth and from
under these heavens he has made the
earth by his power he has established
the world by his will
and has stretched out the heavens at his
discretion when he utters his voice
there was a multitude of waters in the
heavens and he causes the vapors to
ascend from the ends of the earth
he makes lightning for the rain he
brings the wind out of his Treasuries
everyone is dull hearted without
knowledge every metalsmith is put to
shame by an image for his molded image
is falsehood and there is no breath in
them they are futile a work of errors in
the time of their punishment they shall
perish the portion of Jacob is not like
them for he is the maker of all things
and Israel is the tribe of his
inheritance the Lord of Hosts is his
name gather up your wares from the land
o inhabitant of the fortress for thus
says the Lord behold I will throw out at
this time the inhabitants of the land
and will distress them that they may
find itself woe is me for my hurt my
wound is severe but I say truly this is
an infirmity and I must bear it my tent
is plundered and all my cords are broken
my children have gone from me and they
are no more there is no one to pitch my
tent anymore or set up my curtains for
the Shepherd's have become dull hearted
and have not sought the Lord therefore
they shall not prosper and all their
flocks shall be scattered behold the
noise of the report has come and a great
commotion out of the North Country to
make the cities of Judah Testament a den
of jackals Oh Lord I know the way of man
is not in himself it is not in man who
walks to direct his own steps
Oh Lord correct me but with justice not
in your anger unless you bring me to
nothing pour out your fury on the
Gentiles who do not know you and on the
families who do not call on your name
for they have eaten up Jacob devoured
him and consumed him and made his
dwelling place desperate
[Music]